hey guys it's Trek and we are here with
the super soaker flood fire and this is
definitely the flagship line of the 2015
super soaker lined by nerf not the
zombie strike line but their regular
line same color scheme oh we've got
white on green with the green being the
tank it looks like this one actually has
a trigger and how awesome is that I'm
very very excited about that
and it has the option to attach a hose
to it because he who controls the hose
controls the war in any sort of super
circular battle which is really really
cool so that nozzle is down there and
you can see that there's the title
torpedo the barrage and the flash flood
in this photo but this is the flood fire
definitely the the macdaddy o of the
line so we're going to go ahead and get
it out and then we'll fill it in a
second and take a really good look at
its performance I think that's that so
here's our optional hose attachment I'll
take that out too while I'm in here and
I would keep this on at all times just
because I don't like having this exposed
oh ring down here so wow there's a shade
we needed that it looks like this just
clicks into place
and then has a valve to open it and
close it depending upon if that's
something you want to be using and some
sort of locking mechanism so it's
supposed to go on like that and now it's
very very secure it also that seems to
be the only way to get it on really
really securely is to pull down this
gasket and attach it very solid
connection once it's in place which is
super duper cool I'm pretty sure that
fills the main reservoir doesn't do
anything else so I'm going to fill the
main reservoir and I probably won't use
this but I'll test it so that I can talk
about it and then we'll come in and see
see how we like this this is an
interesting mechanism it's really good
to see a trigger on super soakers again
that is very very new
so we've gone ahead and pressurized our
hose line because that's definitely the
best way to use the flood fire pretty
clear that opening this valve does what
we needed to do it goes to work and this
has the attachment where we should be
able to open it up to fill the entire
cabin and then filling this should be
very quick just lock that on and there
we go it was easy I think it's going to
fill the entire tank very quickly this
is wow that was under light how many
seconds was that like 10 close it first
definitely have to close it and then
firing it trigger here let me see so
opening this up pressurizes it and then
pull the trigger to fire and we just
have a constant stream of water power
definitely not getting the ranges that
it's claiming this is only about 20 feet
and that's full force I'm assuming that
if we close this valve and disconnect we
now have a full Soaker and oh it still
held some pressure that's very fun we
haven't had a pressure system Super
Soaker and so long so can i pressurize
it with this or is this just nope again
the loss of the patent is killing me
because now this locks unless the
trigger is down so you can't pressurize
this it's always locked unless the
triggers pulled so you hold down the
trigger now and like a laser tag gun
with the trigger on it's always going to
there we go it is oh not again
I guess I deserve that but you made a
fatal error he who controls the hose
controls the war oh no I can't I can't
cap it well guys I think that's our view
of the let's kill this the flood fire
and it's a really cool blaster what do
you think of it
I like it a lot and I'm really excited
to see this quick fill system like this
is awesome this is is very very
innovative I'm not sure how I feel about
having exposed nozzles on the bottom of
all my soakers but I'd like to see this
technology persist into the future I
think it's really really innovative and
very very cool there you go you're going
to fill up as always guys thanks for
watching
friendly reminder if you want to buy a
flood fire check the link in the
description box below when you buy them
through my amazon link amazon gives me a
kickback and that always feels real real
good for everybody
you're just having too much fun that's
it's no fair now it's raining